# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 11/09/2022, 1:30pm BST  
**Meeting Purpose:** First Staff Meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Discord Voice Channel (#staff-vc)  
**Note Taker:** Hamothy  

## Attendees

- Hammy
- Loco
- Spooky
- winston

## Agenda Items

| Item               | Raised By | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|--------------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Reddit Contest     | Hamothy   | • Finalise template for reddit post <br>• Decide on a timeframe for the contest                                                                          |
| Setup GoPass       | Hamothy   | • Get everyone to make compatible PGP keys <br>• Find out if secrets can be stored in sub-directories                                                    |
| Merchandise        | Hamothy   | • Decide on what store we're going to use <br>• Finalise items that we are going to sell                                                                 |
| Website            | Winston   | • How it impacts the Catppuccin organisation <br>• Discuss GitHub repository topics <br>• The structure of the of the website (community? code section?) |
| Social Media       | Hamothy   | • HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE                                                                                                              |
| HacktoberFest 2022 | Hamothy   | • Talk about HacktoberFest                                                                                                                               |
| Future Roadmap     | Hamothy   | • What do we want to get accomplished by the end of the year? (no solid deadlines or timelines but a general sense of direction :D)                      |

## Discussion Items

| Item           | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Reddit Contest | **What do we allow to be submitted?** <br>• Compare the rices (operating system only) <br><br> **Rewards:** <br>• A lovely flair on the reddit, <br>• if you're in discord we can give you a role, Gift 1800 reddit coins <br>• Banner on reddit (we reserve the right to remove it at any point) <br>• Timeframe: 2 weeks starting 16/09/2022 <br>• Create discord event at the same time of reddit contest                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| GoPass         | • GoPass secrets can't be stored in subdirs of a repositories <br>• Potentially contact 1Password for free/discount on password management? <br>• Potentially KeyPass? (winston has had troubles with it before, overwriting, pushing before you pull etc) <br><br> **Staff Hot Takes** <br>• winston: using gopass, or using some open source alternative where we try to get an open source sponsorship (BitWarden) <br>• Loco: VaultWarden, compatible with Bitwarden but the trouble is that we need to host it ourselves (increased costs), Loco is offering to host it on his own server for a while                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Merchandise    | **Product Availability:** <br> Fourthwall is the best quality wise (compared to RedBubble, Printify, spr.ing) <br> **spr.ing:** stickers, mugs <br> **Fourthwall:** stickers, mugs, pins <br><br> **Products That We Want To Sell:** <br> stickers, mugs, t-shirts, hats, desk mats, laptop sleeve, (maybe) hoodie <br> **Designs:** <br> Logo print, (maybe) catwalk, (maybe) some variation of our tagline <br><br> **Where Does The "Profit" Go?** <br>• Money gets put back into OC for future ADVENTURES like _GMK keycaps_, operational costs, potentially fly pocco81 out to fourthwall (VERY SERIOUS) <br>• Potentially give OC donors a discount from the store? (thumbs up from all the staff team) <br><br> **Staff Hot Takes** <br>• winston prefers a storefront that we don't have to interact with AT ALL. Staff consensus agrees that we don't want to manage anything (Fourthwall is looking to be the winner here) |
| Website        | **Things To Add:** <br>• Filtering by Operating System (Assume that every port is available for every OS, go through each repo and add "linux", and "macos" if it's not available on windows. <br>• If software runs on WSL, staff team have agreed to just tag it as Linux. <br><br> **What pages do we want for the website?** <br>• Home <br>• Community (core, staff, contributors, media + donations) <br>• Palette (colours, style guide, philosophy) <br>• Ports (filtering by operating system, by stars, by recently updated, by most tagged in github topics) <br><br> **What is our MVP?** <br>• Add Community Section <br>• Improved searching for ports <br>• Updated Logo <br>• Redesigned NavBar <br>• Include Android negative integers in palette                                                                                                                                                                   |
| HacktoberFest  | Look at the branding guidelines? <br>• Look through our repos and try to tidy up and create good first issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Social Media   | INSANE HYPE, SUSTAINED SLOW GROWTH IS POG, WELL DONE EVERYONE WOOOO                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Future Roadmap | **What Would We Like To Achieve Before 2023?** <br>• Website done <br>• Convert all ports to v2 <br>• (pre-req: merch monies) Get GMK connections <br>• 1k followers on Twitter <br>• 10k Stars on GitHub <br>• Automate more stuff on GitHub <br>• Distribute packages using an official account (releases@catppuccin.com) instead relying on the author <br>• SECRET SANTA EVENT (digital only :D)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

## Action Items

| Done? | Item                                                                                                           | Responsible                                                     |
|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
|       | Reddit Contest Post                                                                                            | Spooky                                                          |
|       | Setup GoPass using PGP                                                                                         | Everyone                                                        |
|       | Take a look at VaultWarden                                                                                     | winston & Loco                                                  |
|       | Reach out to Fourthwall & spr.ing (ask Bash to VOUCH for us), reach out to SpreadShop                          | Hamothy: Fourthwall <br> winston: spr.ing <br> Loco: SpreadShop | 
|       | Add GitHub operating system topics to allow for website filtering                                              | winston & Spooky                                                |
|       | HacktoberFest branding (Hacktober Logo 🤝 Catppuccin Logo)                                                     | Everyone                                                        |
|       | HacktoberFest repository setup (add issue tags, potentially use github bot, we don't apply to catppuccin/meta) | Everyone                                                        |

## Other Notes & Information

- Next staff meeting should be a discord stage meeting, allows community to listen in and offer talking points/ask questions
- winston or spooky can be note keeper next time