# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 05/11/2022, 17:00 UTC  
**Meeting Purpose:** Staff Meeting Two - Electric Boogaloo  
**Meeting Location:** Discord Voice Channel (#staff-vc)  
**Note Taker:** Hamothy & lemon  

## Attendees

<table>
<tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://winston.sh/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/79978224?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>winston</b></sub></a><br /></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/andreasgrafen"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/35840154?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Loco</b></sub></a><br /></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/sgoudham"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/58985301?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Hamothy</b></sub></a><br /></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/DakshG07"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/48651837?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Dukk</b></sub></a><br /></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ghostx31"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/68803793?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Spooky</b></sub></a><br /></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/taka0o"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1811016?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>taka0</b></sub></a><br /></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/isabelincorp"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/114378481?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Isabel</b></sub></a><br /></td>
</tr>
</table>

&nbsp;

> **Note**<br>
> My last words: »Holy Fuck!«<br>
> — Hammy, 2022

&nbsp;

## Outstanding Actions

- [ ] GitHub OS Topics

&nbsp;

## Agenda Items

| Item                                 | Raised By | Description                                                                                                                                                                 |
|--------------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| WELL DONE EVERYONE                   | Hamothy   | • You guys are awesome                                                                                                                                                      |
| The 'Licensing Issue'                | winston   | • Some of our repos aren't always MIT licensed, how do we wanna deal with this? <br>• Relevant context: [KDE Comment](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/issues/1719) |
| The 'Ownership Issue'                | lemon     | • Some of our ports credit a single person as the author, some multiple, and some the org. As briefly mentioned before; I think that should be unified.                     |
| On-boarding / Port Transfer Workflow | winston   | • The current process is slightly undefined now, a GitHub bot would be great. <br> However, the question is what should the bot do?                                         |
| Christmas Stuffs :D                  | Isabel    | • We should do lots of things for Christmas! <br>• Wallpapers? Cursors? Icons/Banners? Renamed Roles?                                                                       |
| Merch (Again!)                       | Hamothy   | • So we got rejected from Fourthwall (sadge) <br>• How do we want to proceed? Sticker Mule?                                                                                 |
| Open Collective Monies               | Hamothy   | • Linked to the previous item above ^ We should really make plans / budget with the support that we're getting!                                                             |
| Future Roadmap                       | Hamothy   | • What do we want to get accomplished by the end of the year 2022? (no solid deadlines or timelines but a general sense of direction :D)                                    |

&nbsp;

## Discussion Items

| Item                                 | Raised By | Notes                                                                                                     |
|--------------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| WELL DONE EVERYONE                   | Hamothy   | Hammy giving everyone a nice token of appreciation. uwu                                                   |
| The 'Licensing Issue'                | winston   | [Notes on Licensing](#licensing)                                                                          |
| The 'Ownership Issue'                | lemon     | [Notes on Port Ownership](#authorship)                                                                    |
| On-boarding / Port Transfer Workflow | winston   | [Notes on On-boarding](#on-boarding)                                                                      |
| Christmas Stuffs :D                  | Isabel    | [Notes on Christmas Stuff](#christmas)                                                                    |
| Merch (Again!)                       | Hamothy   | [Notes on Merch](#merch)                                                                                  |
| Open Collective Monies               | Hamothy   | [Notes on Donations](#donations)                                                                          |
| Future Roadmap                       | Hamothy   | • release anniversary! (2022-12-05)<br>• 1k discord members<br>• 1k twitter followers |

**Celebration Time**
- We have successfully converted all ports to version 2 of Catppuccin. 🎉
- Also 10k Stars on Github! 🦀

&nbsp;

## Action Items

| Done? | Item                       | Responsible |
|-------|----------------------------|-------------|
|       | Licensing Checks           | —           |
|       | Authorship Checks          | —           |
|       | Website                    | winston     |
|       | v2 Conversion Announcement | winston     |
|       | Secret Santa               | lemon       |
|       | Merch Dicussion            | lemon       |

&nbsp;

## Other Notes & Information

~~steal more stuff from other themes~~
Look for potential ports other colourschemes have that could benefit the Catppuccin community


&nbsp;

## Detailed Notes
### Licensing

Catppuccin's main license is MIT. We encourage all Port Authors to public their ports under MIT as well. In cases where this doesn't work – for example due to dependencies – it has to be ensures that assets under the MIT license can be used.

> **TODO** Ask Maintainers of GPL (e.g. youtube) ports to change the license (if possible)

> **TODO** Ensure proper licensing for ports (e.g. startpage referencing something without a license at all?)

---

### Authorship

Ports that have Metadata attached _should_ set the Author as Catppuccin in order to unify efforts. It's highly encouraged to mention Meintainers on the readme and in the description of a theme as we don't want to hide the people behind the work. Credit it important. 💜

> **TODO** Check for Repos where this is applicable and reach out to the Author/Maintainer

related: [Attribution](#attribution)

---

### Attribution

Potentially have a »Maintainer« repo similar to this one (staff) for organisation purposes

For attribution and credit we want to specifically highlight currently active maintainers. The idea is to split the »Thanks to«-section to highlight this. The section could have two different list where the first one specifically highlights people that are currently working on the port — as this makes it easier for users to find someone to reach out to.
Previous maintainers as well as inspirations are ofc not to omit. Please do list them too.

For Example:
```markdown
## 💝 Thanks to

**Current Maintainer(s)**
- [Human](https://github.com/catppuccin)

**Inspiration and Contribution**
- [Human](https://github.com/catppuccin)
- [Human](https://github.com/catppuccin)
```

related: [Port Authorship](#authorship)

---

### On-Boarding

In Order to make it easier to get new ports approved as well as making the »From the Request to finished Port«-process easier we want to do the following:
- create a GitHub-Bot that allows members of the staff and core groups to send out invites to non-org-members in order to get repositories moved as well as automatically set maintainer access for the port author as well as the staff team
- move port requests from being issue-based to being discussion-based as this allows for upvoting and better separation of concerns
	- once a port is ready for review an issue can be derived from the discussion — issues are to be closed via a final PR to list the port

> **TODO** convert existing port requests (where no draft is available) to discussions

related: [Donations](#donations)

---

### Christmas

The big one: Secret Santa!
Is that an idea that can be realised within the Catppuccin community and do we – the community – want that? If yes, what are the limitations we want to set?

> **TODO** create a community discussion

**more ideas to be discussed at a later point**
(e.g. role-names)

---

### Merch

With fourthwall not being an option as of right now we decided to go with »[Spring](https://www.spri.ng/)« (https://www.spri.ng/creator-resources/product-costing)

> **TODO** create an account

> **TODO** create a community post to collect ideas and wishes
> Ideas: Stickers, Shirts, Hoodies, Mugs

Regarding Keycaps as a long-term project: We eventually want to hire a professional designer to make the work on that. This ties into the [Open Collective](#donations) section
keycaps – hire a designer to make the keycaps

related: [Donations](#donations)

---

### Donations
aka »Open Collective Monies« — who is Moni, and why do we have more than one?

**VPS / dedicated Server**
A server purely for Catppuccin Stuff. This ties into the before mentioned Github Bot, it also allows us to properly host (a) Discord Bot(s) (e.g. #vibes-Radio) and potential automation of (curated) announcement crossposting to social media.

> **TODO** apply for an OC credit card

> **TODO** find a suitable server hoster

related: [Merch](#merch)

---

### Website

Get the MVP shipable!
- review and merge taka's open PR against the website
- include images to be rendered from markdown
- data inclusion from a json file

Do we want Analytics, and if we do – which solution to we go for? Very preferably **not Google**!

