# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 11/09/2022, 1:30pm BST  
**Meeting Purpose:** First Staff Meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Discord Voice Channel #staff-vc  
**Note Taker:** Hamothy

## Attendees

- TODO

## Agenda Items

| Item           | Raised By | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Reddit Contest | Hamothy   | • Finalise template for reddit post <br>• Decide on a timeframe for the contest                                                                          |
| Setup GoPass   | Hamothy   | • Get everyone to make compatible PGP keys <br>• Find out if secrets can be stored in sub-directories                                                    |
| Merchandise    | Hamothy   | • Decide on what store we're going to use <br>• Finalise items that we are going to sell                                                                 |
| Website        | Hamothy   | • How it impacts the Catppuccin Organisation <br>• Discuss GitHub repository topics <br>• The structure of the of the website (community? code section?) |
| Social Media   | Hamothy   | HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE     |
| Future Roadmap | Hamothy   | • What do we want to get accomplished by the end of the year? (no solid deadlines or timelines but a general sense of direction :D)                      |

## Discussion Items

| Item | Who | Notes |
|------|-----|-------|
| item | who | notes |

## Action Items

| Done? | Item | Responsible |
|-------|------|-------------|
|       | item | who         |

## Other Notes & Information

N/A